## Problem Description

Masha works in an advertising agency. In order to promote a new brand, she wants to conclude contracts with some bloggers.

Masha has connections with `n` different bloggers. Blogger numbered `i` has `ai` followers.

Due to a limited budget, Masha can only sign contracts with `k` different bloggers. She wants the advertisement to be seen by as many people as possible, so she must choose bloggers such that the **total number of followers is maximized**.

Your task is to find the **number of ways** to select `k` bloggers so that the total number of their followers is maximum possible.

Two ways are considered different if there is at least one blogger selected in one way but not in the other.

---

## Input Format

- The first line contains an integer `t` — the number of test cases.
- For each test case:
  - The first line contains two integers `n` and `k`
  - The second line contains `n` integers `a1, a2, ..., an`, where `ai` is the number of followers of the `i`-th blogger

---

## Output Format

- For each test case, print a single integer — the number of ways to select `k` bloggers such that the total number of followers is maximum possible.
- Since the answer can be large, print it modulo `10^9 + 7`.

---



## Constraints

- `1 ≤ t ≤ 1000`
- `1 ≤ k ≤ n ≤ 1000`
- `1 ≤ ai ≤ n`
- The sum of `n` over all test cases does not exceed `1000`

---

## Sample Input

```
3
4 3
1 3 1 2
4 2
1 1 1 1
2 1
1 2
```
---

## Output

```
2
6
1
```

---

### Additional Resource

For understanding **modular arithmetic and modular inverses**, which are useful for solving problems with answers modulo `10^9+7`, you can check this video:  
https://youtu.be/RCq5TYMZEwg

---


[PROBLEM LINK](http://codeforces.com/contest/1475/problem/E)
